yeah welcome to another edition of BX
wrestling here we have the newest
wrestler in the bx wrestling federation
killer calling out white lightning for
his number one contender spot as you see
first the bx champion white lightning
see the belt there we go newest wrestler
in the bx federation killer have the
young rebel and be rock you suck what
let's give this matching away did you
ever see a test of strength ooh slapping
him in the back of the head oh my god I
colt 45 slam colt 45 slam no way what
the Frick what's happening here whoa DJ
DDT pitching with a god like DDT he's
out of it he's out of it no no no
getting back up oh yeah Oh backdrop
backdrop now we see him getting him up
now we see white lightning tossing him
black black black hole slam me holy mrs.
the Frog Splash he misses the Frog
Splash anything ad on that young rebel
Oh missile dropkick this will be a one
good component me versus out there we
see them both staring each other now oh
they both go for a kick SEO sto you've
had that happen to you does it hurt mm
lot of pain to the neck area
we see Oh DDT whoa what is he doing now
going for that classic roll of thunder
but he messes up completely Oh somehow
killer taking him down go she hits him
with that punch another one trying to
box him it looks like oh oh White
Lightning fighting back Oh missile
dropkick he misses it he misses it oh
that hartney stunner stunner killer hits
him with a stunner 120 he barely kicks
out he barely kicks out there we see oh
my god atomic drop atomic drop 12 he's
up he's up he barely kicks out of that
one oh nice kick Oh Oh another stunner
another show me the condoms oh my god
missile dropkick Jesus you can hear that
slam no yes yes please notify chokeslam
chokeslam number it is over there's no
way killer can get out of this what do
we see here oh nice Irish whip what a
clothesline 120 almost 3 I was close i
was close like two and a half oh nice
kick RVD style right there taking him
out from though from his legs another
kicks Oh trash worst fear killer trust
for you just cannot get him so looks
like a little attempt to spinebuster
picking him up what are we gonna see
here oh my god is he gonna do it what is
this
Batista Bomb boy what all reverses of
the Teesta mommy look like you with the
big splash I don't know is your time for
a Matisse bummer Padma leg drop that leg
drop 12 barely kicks out of that 10
another leg drop White Lightning isn't
on the wheel I see white lightnings
first loss is but he's only undefeated
record here Oh spear spear it looks like
a sphere here with the pic Oh God
killers not saying yeah this is a lot of
heart you got anything it looks like
you're a little agitated by this you got
it yeah I'll understand how he gets up
phone is he on the juice or something
haha crazy I don't know Oh freaking
missile dropkick oh oh hey look i know
there's stunner you starting to wrestle
like me can White Lightning lose too oh
my god another midget another missile
dropkick no they know me a mini-me
that's what sick man gonna be many meat
he's been taking a lot of our styles
mean look at he's done a lot of stunners
like me and he's been very high flying
like be rock it has got very very
powerhouse he like you oh my god he
misses its mark on what is he thinking
what was it 12 barely kicks out of that
one what was he thinking with that
swanson that's just mental retarded
pneus Jesus that's what your old missile
drop kick OH a missile dropkick you need
to think before you act what kind of
like Oh another missile drop kick failed
that time while I demeans get just gets
his head in this game or is he going to
lose he is going to lose for sure if he
does not restart big balls Oh slam black
oh lame it's over it's over 12 oh my god
yeah I just don't see how such a young
wrestler a little wrestler as it is
getting up so easily we're at the
6-minute mark in this match let's see
what happens wait what is it what is
this
you gonna ba me know get on facebook it
connects it connects it's over it's over
hey looking to finishing with the west
side Wesa oh my god killer getting out
of it The Killing facebuster The Killing
facebuster 1230
another beer Oh mrs. to be rockin face
no sir what's happening Oh cyclone
crusher cyclone get out of there get out
of there oh my god why are they teaming
up why are they teaming up oh nice
punches what what is this what is this
Oh lays them out white lightning you are
pillars is your first loss killing you
register oh my god freaking long Jericho
looks white lining is going to help
killer he respects killer killer you
need to get out of there DDT guillory me
there here we see the next time our
attention
your first Victorino Johnson oh my god
I'm sorry we missed it oh I'm sorry
folks this is just godlike and remember
these are three of my opponents in the
Last Man Standing match for your title
three trust me this will not happen
again this is the sportsman